feat: Document unified format (#2739)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/data-management/debug-files.mdx

- `b5/381a457906d279073822a5ceb24c4bfef94ddb` (executable or library)
- `b5/381a457906d279073822a5ceb24c4bfef94ddb.debug` (stripped debug file)

**Unified**

: Path: `nn/nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn.../type`

> The unified path layout is a layout specific to Sentry which enables a consistent
> structure for all debug files independent of platform.  It can store breakpad files,
> PDBs, PEs and everything else.  The [symsorter tool](https://github.com/getsentry/symbolicator/tree/master/symsorter)
> can automatically sort debug symbols into this format and also automatically
> create source bundles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The unified path layout is specific to Sentry and enables a consistent
structure for all debug files independent of platform.  It can store breakpad files,
PDBs, PEs, and everything else.  The [symsorter tool](https://github.com/getsentry/symbolicator/tree/master/symsorter)
can automatically sort debug symbols into this format and also automatically
create source bundles.
```

> The path is always based on a `build_id` formatted into hexadecimal format in
> lower case.  The first two bytes of that ID are taken as a root folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The path is based on a `build_id` formatted to a hexadecimal using
lower case.  The first two bytes of that ID are taken as a root folder.
```

> The `build_id` is constructed differently for different file formats:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `build_id` construction differs among file formats:
```
